Ultrabeam Privacy Policy


This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.


When do we collect information?

• We collect the messages you send or receive through this app and store it on your device. We do not upload the collected information to our website,they just get stored in your device in form of sharedPreferences.
• The only personal information app may ask is your 'UserName' which is not compulsory to enter. Just like messages it is also stored only in your device. 
• The app uses 'Record Audio' feature to receive messages(only when the app is opened) which as mentioned before is stored in the user's device.      


Third-party disclosure

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.

Third-party links

We do not include or offer third-party products or services in our app except google's firebase analytics.

Google

We have not enabled Google AdSense in our app but we may do so in the future.

COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)

When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.

We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.


Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact me using the information below.

UltraBeam
pranjal2041@gmail.com

Effective From:- 27/05/2017

